unattended-upgrades (2.0) unstable; urgency=medium

  Unattended-upgrades now applies ephemeral pinning (apt_preferences(5))
  to install packages only from allowed origins and also for
  whitelisting and blacklisting packages instead of adjusting package
  versions to be installed.
  The ephemeral pins are applied in addition to the pin-priorities set
  by the local apt_preferences(5) configuration and unattended-upgrades
  also still honors held packages set by apt-mark(8).

  In the presence of custom apt_preferences configuration it is advised
  to run "unattended-upgrades --dry-run --debug --verbose" printing the
  ephemeral pinning configuration to see if the new behaviour matches
  expectations.

  To work around APT resolver bugs preventing APT from always finding the
  solution for installing complex package sets (#773281, #711128)
  unattended-upgrades still falls back to adjusting package candidates
  in addition to applying the ephemeral pinning.

 -- Balint Reczey <rbalint@ubuntu.com>  Thu, 20 Feb 2020 18:47:23 +0100

unattended-upgrades (1.8) unstable; urgency=medium

  When InstallOnShutdown was configured unattended-upgrades in
  versions before 1.7 installed updates _after_ the shutdown transaction
  is started by systemd making maintainer scripts restarting services
  fail or wait in a deadlock until being killed by shutdown's timeout
  leaving a broken installation behind.

  Starting with version 1.7 configuring InstallOnShutdown makes
  unattended-upgrades start package installations _before_ the shutdown
  transaction is started, when PrepareForShutdown() signal is received
  via DBus.

  Unattended-upgrades 1.7 also increases logind's InhibitDelayMaxSec to
  30 seconds. This allows more time for unattended-upgrades to shut down
  gracefully or even install a few packages in InstallOnShutdown mode,
  but is still a big step back from the 30 minutes allowed for
  InstallOnShutdown previously.

  Users enabling InstallOnShutdown mode are advised to increase
  InhibitDelayMaxSec even further, possibly to 30 minutes.

 -- Balint Reczey <rbalint@ubuntu.com>  Fri, 09 Nov 2018 18:09:22 +0100

unattended-upgrades (0.99) unstable; urgency=medium

  Unattended-upgrades in previous versions defaulted to install
  security updates only on Debian by using the label=Debian-Security
  origin pattern. Now it is changed to allow updates with label=Debian,
  which allows applying stable updates in stable releases and following
  all package updates in testing and unstable.

  In stable releases this unlocks installation of security updates
  depending on package versions present only in stable updates.

  Note that testing and unstable can often contain packages for which
  installation or upgrade performed by unattended-upgrades fails and
  requires the administrator to fix the system later.

  If you would like to prevent unattended-upgrades from performing
  updates please run "sudo dpkg-reconfigure unattended-upgrades".

 -- Balint Reczey <rbalint@ubuntu.com>  Tue, 12 Dec 2017 12:13:08 +0100

unattended-upgrades (0.95) unstable; urgency=medium

  Unattended-upgrades now defaults to installing upgrades in minimal
  steps to ensure leaving the system in a consistent state when the
  system starts shutting in the middle of an upgrade.

  With the previous default of performing all upgrades in one shot
  the installations could take more than 15 minutes which was the
  final timeout after which unattended-upgrade and dpkg were killed
  leaving half-installed packages behind on shutdown.

 -- Balint Reczey <rbalint@ubuntu.com>  Tue, 01 Aug 2017 19:43:50 +0200

unattended-upgrades (0.50) unstable; urgency=low

  When running with the --debug switch, previous versions of
  unattended-upgrades would just print what they do, but not
  actually perform any dpkg actions like installing or upgrading. 
  
  This behavior has *changed* in version 0.50 it will now 
  install/upgrade. There is a new option called "--dry-run" to 
  get this behavior back.

 -- Michael Vogt <mvo@debian.org>  Fri, 03 Jul 2009 09:15:08 +0200
